feat: [AWS] OTel to ECS converter pipelines (#15570)
elastic/integrations: packages/otel_ecs_converter/_dev/build/docs/README.md

# OTel ECS converter

> OTel ECS converter integration provide pipelines to convert OTel native documents into ECS documents.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
OTel ECS converter integration provide pipelines to convert OTel native fields to ECS fields in documents.
```
